Update OpenSafely tutorial documentation (#1727)
opensafely/documentation: docs/getting-started/tutorial/run-the-project-pipeline/index.md

> <ol>

Reviewer: fbcc2caf4620237466f0c51f320ca91cd82a3d0b broke the rendering of backticked `code` segments within this HTML list. Not your doing, I'll take a look at fixing or we can work on this together if you're interested.

  <li>
   In the Visual Studio Code file Explorer,

>    confirm that the `output` folder only contains a '.gitkeep' file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   confirm that the `output` folder only contains a `.gitkeep` file.
```
